[Doc Rework] Other changes PR5 (#4185)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/orion-api.md

| Parameter                                    | Optional | Type   | Description                                                                     |
|----------------------------------------------|----------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `entities`                                   | ✓        | string | A list of objects, each one composed of the following subfields: <ul><li><code>id</code> or <code>idPattern</code> id or pattern of the affected entities. Both cannot be used at the same time, but one of them must be present.</li> <li><code>type</code> or <code>typePattern</code> Type or type pattern of the affected entities. Both cannot be used at the same time. If omitted, it means "any entity type".</li></ul> These fields should fllow the restrictions for IDs and types, be a valid regex (if pattern), and be not empty. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `entities`                                   | ✓        | string | A list of objects, each one composed of the following subfields: <ul><li><code>id</code> or <code>idPattern</code> id or pattern of the affected entities. Both cannot be used at the same time, but one of them must be present.</li> <li><code>type</code> or <code>typePattern</code> Type or type pattern of the affected entities. Both cannot be used at the same time. If omitted, it means "any entity type".</li></ul> These fields should follow the restrictions for IDs and types, be a valid regex (if pattern), and be not empty. |
```

In additon, add a link to the section about identifiers restrictions.

Author: Done in 6e68e0f9f2e7b03701a6e5864b1026f35fa93991

| Parameter | Optional | Type   | Description                                                                                   |
|-----------|----------|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `url`     |          | string | URL referencing the service to be invoked when a notification is generated. It mus follow the `http` URL schema. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `url`     |          | string | URL referencing the service to be invoked when a notification is generated. It must follow the `http` URL schema format. |
```

Reviewer: Algo de `https` schema format would be valid?

Author: I think It is not needed to mention https

* The `expired` value for `status` is not supported. The status is shows as `active` even in the
   registration is actually expired.
* `legacyForwarding` field (within `provider`) to support forwarding in NGSIv1-based query/update format for legacy Context Providers 

## Deprecated features

> Although we try to minimize the changes in the stable version of the NGSIv2 specification, a few changes
> have been implemented since the first release. Thus, there is changed functionality that doesn't appear in the current
> NGSIv2 stable specification document but that Orion still supports
> (as [deprecated functionality](../deprecated.md)) in order to keep backward compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the NGSIv2 specification work, some features were developed but they don't remain in the final version of the specification. However, Orion implemented them at some version and are still supported in order to keep backward compatibility (as [deprecated functionality](../deprecated.md)). They are documented here, although **you are highly encouraged to not use any of them**.
```
